[WIP] OSDOCS:2475 Adds new assembly for the dynamic plugin TP (#41260)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/dynamic-plug-ins-get-started.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * web_console/dynamic-plug-ins.adoc

:_content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="getting-started-with-dynamic-plugins_{context}"]
= Getting started with dynamic plug-ins

In order to get started using the dynamic plug-in, you must set up your environment to write a new OpenShift Console dynamic plug-in.

.Prerequisites

> * Ensure you have link:https://nodejs.org/en/[`Node.js`] and link:https://yarnpkg.com/[`yarn`] installed.

Reviewer: I think you can break this into two bullets and just use "package_name installed."

.Procedure

. Visit this link:https://github.com/spadgett/console-plugin-template[repository] containing a template for creating plug-ins.

. Select `Use this Template` from the *<> Code* tab to create a GitHub repository.

. Re-name the template with the name of your plug-in.

. From your copied repository, clone it your local machine so you can edit the code.

. Edit the plug-in metadata in the `consolePlugin` declaration of `package.json`.
+
[source,json]

----
"consolePlugin": {
  "name": "my-plugin", <1>
  "version": "0.0.1", <2>
  "displayName": "My Plugin", <3>
  "description": "Enjoy this shiny, new console plugin!", <4>
  "exposedModules": {
    "ExamplePage": "./components/ExamplePage"
  },
  "dependencies": {
    "@console/pluginAPI": "*"
  }
}
----
<1> Update the name of your plug-in.
<2> Update the version.

> <3> Update the display name that will appear when your plug-in is deployed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<3> Update the display name for your plug-in.
```
Is the _deployed_ part necessary? Is so, what about "Update the display name of your plug-in as it appears in your deployment."

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * web_console/dynamic-plug-ins.adoc

:_content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="getting-started-with-dynamic-plugins_{context}"]
= Getting started with dynamic plug-ins

> In order to get started using the dynamic plug-in, you must set up your environment to write a new OpenShift Console dynamic plug-in.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To get started using the dynamic plug-in, you must set up your environment to write a new OpenShift Console dynamic plug-in.
```

.Prerequisites

* Ensure you have link:https://nodejs.org/en/[`Node.js`] and link:https://yarnpkg.com/[`yarn`] installed.

.Procedure

. Visit this link:https://github.com/spadgett/console-plugin-template[repository] containing a template for creating plug-ins.

. Select `Use this Template` from the *<> Code* tab to create a GitHub repository.

. Re-name the template with the name of your plug-in.

> . From your copied repository, clone it so you have the template on your local machine.

Reviewer 2: Maybe

```suggestion
. From your copied repository, clone it to your local machine so you can edit the code.
```

> . Edit the plugin metadata in the `ConsolePlugin` declaration of `package.json`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Edit the plugin metadata in the `consolePlugin` declaration of `package.json`.
```

+

> [source,yaml]

Reviewer 2: This is JSON, not YAML.

----

>     "consolePlugin": {

Reviewer 2: Indentation looks off.

  "name": "my-plugin", <1>
  "version": "0.0.1", <2>
  "displayName": "My Plugin", <3>
  "description": "Enjoy this shiny, new console plugin!", <4>
  "exposedModules": {
    "ExamplePage": "./components/ExamplePage"
  },
  "dependencies": {
    "@console/pluginAPI": "*"
  }
}
----

> <1> Update the file name for your plug-in.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<1> Update the name for your plug-in.
```
